this game is so hard I don't know what
to do lavers amazing walk please what's
up guys mr. zebra camera here for
another episode of let's play Jack next
in this episode we shall be getting
deeper curse numbers or the Power Cell
that was on top of this thing at least
we thought we were but I sucked too much
at the game too actually this jump is a
little hard to make to be honest I think
the distance did a bit too far but there
we go now we can go back down there even
though i don't really all god no no no
no go back in here and go back to the
laws of curse or city
and once back here we will continue on I
can't see there we are now what else do
we have to do all right let's go over
here since we have not been over here
and we have more slide action I almost
felt okay yes I did plum dang it so
close yet so far and get our final scalp
line we just get power cells left and
right like a boss so now we get to do
the second slide of this area this one
can be a bit more difficult as you can
see I already missed so I'm probably
going to kill myself like that so I can
go get it knowing what so ever sent me
back here there we go I like this side
thing is probably the coolest part of
this area but it gets difficult grab
boutique is so it makes it a bit easier
and dang it
jeez how long it goes ok why won't it
let me turn there oh great great great
great no no I refuse to take that as an
answer so I'm going to get up here to a
point and it's going to stop me you can
see it's like trying to push me back so
i don't know i guess i'll go and kill
myself hopefully that i'll check
multiple enemy to the top no it won't ok
then let's just do this doesn't seem
like a good idea though does it cuz what
did that do oh alright so we need to get
up here as fast as we can because its
thing
it's going to fill up with dark eco
which you know isn't night well for us I
don't like the camera angle Adam all in
this part because as you can see I can't
see what I'm doing it's more focused on
the dark eco so that makes it just so
much more difficult because you can't
see where you are until you're already
dead there we go now we just need to
continue going up the spiral this seems
like it'll never end till we get another
burst of blue eco and do our final jump
out of here ok maybe not good just
kidding you still have a mile to run
Jack never stops running clone you
should run a marathon and with the Nobel
Prize for it or something even though
you probably won't win a Nobel Prize for
running the marathon but who cares that
brings us all the way up here or the
kind enough to give us a Power Cell
now if you excuse me I gotta go get
those last few orbs there we go and
there we go all the lost recursive city
is over I forgot to mention on the slide
you can press forward and back on the
analog stick and they will both affect
your speed now i press this will have to
do that again yes I will so I'll be
right back as we get the hell out of you
alright so now we're heading back up the
elevator to get the heck out of here and
we also have you know a few spare
precursor orbs now so we might as well
go and trade our you know hunter Navy
precursor orbs to the two bozos over
there by the little thing stairs and all
I don't get what that's supposed to be
this town seems to whelp it built to be
so literally populated tonight I should
really reword that but I won't oh no I
won't all right
wonderful
you brought me the precursor orbs all
right I'll fix the bridge but don't ask
me to get involved with that creature
again
alright so now that fixed a bridge and
gave us a Power Cell so we'll be
actually able to reach boggy swamp which
is right over there and that big
gigantic guy that we're gonna have to
fight off sooner or later so now let's
go train another 90 overs for yet
another Power Cell oh yeah he's wrong to
help me win my way back out of this
battle here's the Power Cell I promise
alright we're almost at 60 Power Cells
now and this is our sixth out of seven
scalp flies over here we have now this
bridge that we can cross so that we can
get the rest of the poster orbs and rock
village so there you go the rest of the
secret underwater thing I already forget
its name and all the awesome yeah now
we'd have to get this last scalp flying
and we completely from the truck village
as well so thank you guys for watching
let's play jak and daxter on this
episode see